In the future. the race for
immortality will come in 3 guises:
Cybernetically enhanced humans: Cyborgs
Artifically intelligent beings: Synths
and Synthetic beings downloaded
with human consciousness: Hybrids
Whitch technology prevails will determine
what corporation rules the universe
ALIEN
EARTH
USCSS "MAGINOT"
WEYLAND-YUTANI CORPORATION
YEAR: 2120
MISSION LENGHTH: 65 YEARS
DISTANCE TO EARTH: 805 MILLION MILES
You gonna eat that. mate?
Yeah. I was.
Not supposed to have
a heavy meal before cryo.
- Thank you so much.
- I'm telling you that as your doctor.
- You're not a doctor.
- Yeah. well. fair enough.
You all right there. gorgeous?
Honestly.
cryo really creeps me out.
I wonder why.
That's 'cause Teng over there
with his little beady eyes.
stares at you while you sleep.
Fucking hell.
The girl should know.
He doesn't do that. Anymore.
- Of course. he does. He does.
Of course not.
Morrow talked to him.
Didn't you?
Mr. Teng won't be a problem unless
he wants to work 65 years for no pay.
Ooh. Teng.
Stingy.
Teng. we love you.
He's a nice guy.
Why you being like that?
- How did you sleep?
- Good.
Wait. Sorry. say that again.
What's that one?
It's company policy.
- Say that's Weyland-Yutani--
- That's us?
Yeah. that's who we work for.
Okay.
- Right?
And they control North and South America.
- And the Moon. right?
- No. that's Dynamic.
Yutani has Mars and Saturn.
Yeah. but we're talking about the Earth.
Who rules what.
The kid hasn't done his social studies.
There's four companies.
They govern the entire globe.
Don't forget the new one. Prodigy.
What's that one?
It's. synths. AI.
Was started by a kid maybe ten years ago?
Yeah. Boy Kavalier.
That's the one.
- Youngest trillionaire ever.
Right. So. there's five companies. right?
I still don't get it.
- Poor baby.
Mr. Teng.
You checked the nav computer. Mr. Teng?
Are you asking if I did my job?
How long to Earth's orbit?
10.525.000 seconds.
Plenty of… time.
Months. Teng. Give it to me in months.
Four months.
- Such a jerk.
Give or take a few days.
You all good. Captain?
Hey.
Comms are down.
Looks like the log files are corrupted.
Well. it's probably just a glitch.
I can have a look.
No. Security will investigate.
We're also burning way too much fuel.
I want you and Teng looking into
what system we could shut down.
Why don't we just.
shoot Chibuzo's specimens into space
and shut down her little zoo?
Okay. I think he means real suggestions.
This is a real suggestion.
Those things give me the creeps.
Yeah. me too.
- The specimens are the mission.
Easy for you to say. cyborg.
We lost a lot of good men getting them.
And for what?
So the company can put shit into
our breakfast cereal to control our minds?
Okay. That is not a real thing.
- No.
Don't know
what you're talking about. mate.
The specimens are the mission. Period.
Do I need to post extra security.
or restrict you to your quarters?
Sullivan. Petrovitch.
Got it.
Wake me on final approach.
Will do.
See you later. mate.
Did he say minefield?
I prefer to go back to bed.
do you know what I mean?
Thank you very much.
And hello.
You got any bedtime stories?
PRODIGY "NEVERLAND" RESEARCH ISLAND
What is it?
It's a scorpion.
Where did it come from?
It was in the mess.
What are you gonna do with it?
What do you think we should do with it?
Squash it.
so it doesn't sting you.
What if. while I'm squashing it. another
scorpion stings me to protect its friend
the same way you're trying to protect me?
It scares me.
Think of how the scorpion must feel.
Trapped under glass.
menaced by giants.
Okay. my darling.
It's time.
Do we have to?
Yes.
Go on. I'll be here when you wake up.
Are you gonna kill it?
Do you want me to?
No.
Is it gonna hurt?
Told you. it's just like… falling asleep.
Will I dream?
I don't know. You'll have to tell me
when you wake up.
There she is.
Hi.
You got a little something… Boop.
All right.
Deep breath for me.
There you go.
You know. I had
the weirdest dream last night.
We had a baby and it was a pig.
Wow.
I had a pig when I was a girl.
It was cute. Then it was 300 pounds.
So more of a human child
is what we want then.
We talked about this.
These are our children.
Now focus.
Is that what I'm gonna look like?
Yes. That's you.
She's pretty.
Okay. Willkommen.
Moshi moshi.
How's our girl?
She's ready.
Do you know who Neil Armstrong was?
He was an astronaut.
Not just an astronaut.
He was the first man
to set foot on the Moon.
You're gonna be the first too.
I'm going to the Moon?
No… …silly.
You're gonna be the first person
to transition from a human body
to a synthetic.
Because I'm special.
That's right.
You're very. very… …special.
Do you want to see a magic trick? Yeah?
It's pretty cool. Right?
Okay. you. Up on the table.
I want my brother.
I told you. you can see him…
when you wake up.
But he can't see me.
No.
Because it's a secret. What we're doing.
Yes.
Come on.
Is it time to go to sleep?
That's right. Marcy.
Wendy.
What was that?
She looks like a Wendy.
Wendy.
Wendy!
We're ready for you!
Race you.
Wendy. darling…
how are you feeling today?
These are weird.
Your breasts?
They're weird.
They move around when I run.
Well. you are in an adult body now.
Why?
Because synthetic bodies don't grow.
So?
How are your emotions?
You been happy? Sad?
I don't know.
They're quiet now.
The human body manufactures hormones.
dopamine. serotonin. estrogen.
that create moods.
You don't have those anymore.
We've tried to simulate them.
To simulate adolescence.
as you grow into your adult body.
so it's not just like flipping a switch.
But maybe
we need to increase the intensity.
We've had this discussion.
She's not human anymore.
Why are we pretending she is?
"She" is sitting right there.
and it's the protocol
as laid out by the CEO.
The body is a vessel for the mind.
A human mind. on its path to endless life.
Simulating the human experience
is critical.
So. what am I?
If I'm not human.
what am I?
Whatever you want to be.
I got you something.
for your collection.
And I have good news.
The other children have arrived.
I'm not alone anymore?
Darling. you're never alone. You got us.
But yes. now. there will be others.
Like me?
Not yet.
They're still children.
So we need to help them to make
the transition. so they're not afraid.
Can you do that?
Can you be a big sister?
Listen now. Hear up!
You can grow big and strong like me.
Who wants a ride?
Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me!
Whoa.
And you'll be super fast too.
Were you sick too? Before.
Dying even. And everybody was so sad.
But then the boy genius came along.
and he said…
"Don't be sad.
I'm gonna fix you right up."
And that's exactly what he did.
He gave me this big girl body.
Better than new.
Now I'm the forever girl.
Because grown-up minds don't fit?
Because grown-up minds are too stiff.
so they can't make the trip yet.
but our minds. kid minds.
we fit just right.
Question?
Will I be able to walk again?
You'll be able to walk.
run. jump. dance.
Do you guys like to dance?
- Yeah.
- Question?
- I want to be a scientist when I grow up.
Okay. That's not a question.
but cool.
When do we get to go home?
You don't.
I'll be here the whole time. okay?
Promise?
Promise.
Can you move. please? I need to begin.
Go around.
You want to see a magic trick?
Yeah.
"Mrs. Darling
first heard of Peter
when she was tidying up
her children's minds.
It is the nightly custom
of every good mother.
after her children are asleep.
to rummage in their minds
and put things straight.
When you wake in the morning.
the naughtinesses and evil passions
with which you went to bed.
have been folded up small
and placed at the bottom of your mind.
And on the top. beautifully aired.
are spread out your prettier thoughts.
ready for you to put on.
In the old days.
at home.
the Neverland had always begun to look
a little dark and threatening by bedtime.
Then unexplored patches arose in it
and spread.
Black shadows moved about in them.
The roar of the beasts of prey
was quite different now. and above all.
you lost the certainty
that you would win."
Collision imminent.
STATUS UPDATED FROM
SECURITY OFFICER USCSS MAGINOT
NAVIGATION COMPROMISED
CARGO CONTAINMENT HAS FAILED
SPECIMENS ARE LOOSE
Morrow!
Morrow! Let me in!
Please! It's coming.
Let me in!
CREW STATUS?
Morrow. let me in!
What are you doing? Let me in!
It's coming.
Hurry. Hurry up. It's coming.
No. What are you doing?
No. no. no. Let me in!
Morrow! No!
Why are you doing this?
You fucking asshole!
No.
CREW DEAD.
- No!
COLLISION COURSE WITH EARTH UNAVOIDABLE
CONTAINMENT OF SPECIMENS PRIORITY ONE
Mother. I need the impact room.
Collision imminent.
Impact in T-minus ten seconds.
Nine…
…four. three. two…
NEW SIAM
PRODIGY CITY
Yeah.
like you were saying.
Easy pop-up to center field.
That's two down.
Well. I'm glad you asked.
See ya.
His name is Joe.
Joe DiMaggio. like the baseball player.
Counts two and two
and we're in third. Ready to break.
Wilson got a hold of it.
It's got the height.
and it's got the distance.
Two-run homer for Wilson.
Yes!
- And… take the lead. Two to nothing.
What does he do?
Well. he's a medic.
Like a doctor.
Hello.
Dad used to always say that.
Where are you going?
Medic's pretty cool.
He's really good at it too.
She…
She's watching the brother again.
Who does he work for?
He works for Prodigy.
Just like us.
He has to work with soldiers.
who work with guns.
They told him I died.
What's for dinner?
I miss eating.
There you are.
Am I hallucinating.
or is that ice coming straight towards us?
Yeah. yeah. it's coming.
It sounds like there's animals on it.
Yippee! We're being rescued!
We're being rescued!
I hear laughter.
Must be a party cruise.
Ahoy. down there!
You know. these waters
are infested with pirates.
Captain Gutt here to help!
Look. we don't want any trouble.
- Now surrender your ship or face my…
- Surrender your ship or face my…
- …fury.
- Or face your furry what?
Not "furry." Fury!
- Fury.
Fire!
Good night. Joe.
Let's go.
Now? Really?
Hey. what did the robot say yesterday?
I gotta serve out my contract.
Right.
Come on.
Hey. eyes on the ball. Brahma.
What about medical school?
So we're stuck with you.
- You love me.
- Babe.
You're just afraid to say the words.
Holy shit!
What the fuck?
- Call it in.
- Captain…
- Call it in!
Everyone okay?
This is Sigma-Prime. We have
a downed spacecraft. multiple casualties.
We're heading to the crash site.
All right. by the book.
Locate the survivors.
evacuate the wounded. secure the site.
Yes. sir!
Members. check your weapons.
- Yes. sir.
Check.
Brahma. upstairs.
Prep to evac the wounded.
Yes. sir.
- Rashidi. take four to the ground floor.
- Yes. sir.
We're moving!
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go. go!
Go. go. go. go! Move. move. move!
Let's search for the wounded now!
Two by two!
Come on then! Come on then!
Come on now!
There we go!
Bring it down! Bring it down!
Help! Help! Help!
Keep moving. keep moving!
Hermit. with me. with me. let's go!
- Medic tent to the right!
- Keep going!
If you're hurt. head to the medics!
There's more medics coming!
Keep moving!
Go! Go! Go!
- Get inside!
Move! Move! Move! Go! Go! Go!
Let's move it. people!
- Two that way. three that way.
- Yes. sir.
Follow me.
Anybody injured?
Security services!
Anybody hurt?
- Search and rescue!
Search and rescue!
Search and rescue! Moving in!
- Hermit!
Got it.
- Yeah.
Search and rescue!
Keep up.
Ears on.
I've got voices down here.
Security services!
You good?
- Yes.
Search and rescue.
Search and rescue!
Anybody hurt?
- Search and rescue!
Control the dog. man.
Search and rescue!
- Coming in!
Coming in!
- Cap.
Hermit! You all right?
- Please evacuate the building.
- Coming in.
- Use the medical center outside.
- Hermit!
Sir. can you hear me?
- We got medical.
Hey. Anant. give some blood to Hermit.
- Got it.
- You all right. Hermit?
- Yes.
Search and rescue!
- Search and rescue!
Is he gone?
- Hermit?
Holy shit.
Looks like she goes
all the way down.
Cortez.
- Yes. sir.
Radio for a fire suppression unit.
- Got it. Cap.
Anybody smells sulfur.
call it out.
Let's move in.
- Roger.
This is Cortez to dispatch.
We have a 10-50 F situation.
I repeat. we have a 10-50 F situation.
We got multiple injuries.
a death. and property damage.
Requesting for an ambulance…
Search and rescue!
Good luck. guys.
Fucking hell.
Come on.
Look at the size of that thing.
I should have called in sick.
Well. don't worry.
I brought spare panties in my pack.
Come on.
What kind of ship is this?
Science vessel. I think.
It's Weyland-Yutani.
I used to collect the cards
when I was a kid.
Think there's a finder's fee?
Lock that shit down.
Hoyt. Anant.
- Copy that.
- Let's move.
Let's move. With me.
Mother. this is Morrow. Alert Weyland HQ.
The ship has been boarded.
Status of cargo unknown.
I'm moving to the armory and will secure
the site until reinforcements can arrive.
All right.
I need you to put these on.
And when you hear a tone. raise your hand.
Okay.
- Okay.
Why don't you have kids?
Well. we t… we tried to have kids.
but I… I have a low sperm count.
Sperm.
- Yeah. sperm. It's a funny word.
Isn't a sperm what comes out of a boy
and then goes into the girl's egg?
Yes. that's right.
Yeah.
She's beyond
all human frequencies. 75.000 Hz.
Wendy. we're…
Put these back on.
we're not… we're finished yet.
What's she--
- Shh!
The ship touched down
at 1730.
It's a deep space
research vessel. C class.
Weyland-Yutani.
Survivors?
On the ship? Unknown. Comms are down.
The ship must have clipped the tower.
But we have forces on the ground.
Mass casualties. I'd imagine.
among the residents.
Luckily. it was
the Founder's Day festival.
Hundreds of people were at the park.
- Sir--
- Not now.
Let's go.
- No. No.
Triage the rescue
by income bracket. Call up the reserves.
and keep this quiet
until we know the damage.
We can do it.
And the ship?
Ooh. a deep space research vessel
loaded with who knows what?
I think that's ours now.
She won't like that.
- Yutani.
- Yeah. so she can sue.
I said we can do it.
Sir. we're fast. we're strong.
we don't break.
You made us. We can do it.
Rescue people. clean up.
Why?
The brother from her old life.
he's a medic with the tactical unit.
They're inside the tower.
So you want to help him?
Look at her face.
Her body language.
I mean. if I didn't know better.
I'd say she was human.
I am human.
Send them.
Send…
- Yeah. the Lost Boys.
Let's see how they handle the stress.
I want all technicians on deck.
Monitor brain function.
emotional response.
see how the enhanced physiognomy performs.
Sir. they're not first responders.
They're still in the prototype stage.
the loss of a single unit
will be devastating.
Yeah. yeah. So don't lose one.
You'll watch them?
And they can follow orders. I mean…
You can follow orders. right?
Sir. yes. sir.
See?
Off you pop.
I was sick before we got sick.
Like. always sick. kind of.
"No immune system." my mum said.
Not me.
Healthy as a horse.
Why a horse? Are they extremely healthy?
Anything is only ever as healthy
as it is. 100% being the healthiest.
I didn't like it.
Being sick.
Nobody likes it.
No.
It was scary.
Lying in my bed every night
thinking I could die.
Now we can't die.
We can still be crushed or. like.
explode though.
Or be set on fire. Wait. could we drown?
Yeah. like a hippo could come
and maul us or a crocodile--
But not grow old or get cancer.
Right?
Maybe our batteries
just run out and we're. like…
Standing. dressing. running.
We got a life-or-death
spaceship crash rescue mission.
Seriously?
Search and rescue! Is anyone here?
You first.
Of course.
Fuck!
Man.
What the hell is that?
Come check this out.
You think he died in the crash?
He's been shot.
Two to the body. one in the head.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
Don't turn around.
Slowly. weapons on the ground.
Relax. friend.
we're Prodigy search and rescue.
You've been in a crash.
Just let me call the med team.
Fuck.
Don't make me say it again.
Side arms.
Up.
Back in the lab.
Move.
Stop.
On the floor. back to the pipe.
Dude. this building is gonna come down
any second.
Cuff him to the pipe.
Now you.
Seriously. We won't even call it in.
Just let us go and we'll pretend
this never happened. all right?
Where is Kavalier?
The trillionaire?
How the fuck would I know?
Shit.
Hey. he's a cyborg.
Mother. lab specimens seem intact.
Moving to track the fugitives.
Brother. come on.
You can't leave us like this.
I'm not your brother.
Hey.
Command. are you seeing this?
We're inside the cryo-chamber.
Looks like no survivors.
Command?
Hermit!
- I'm coming.
What does that?
I don't know.
He's been dead a week. maybe more.
You see the color of the blood?
Yeah.
- The coagulation.
Wait. why did this ship crash?
Hermit.
Something crawled out of here.
What does that mean?
We gotta find what made that trail.
Hey! We're in here!
I think I can get my knife.
Almost got it.
Jesus.
- What?
Something's on me.
What do you mean
something's on you?
I don't know. Fuck me.
- Hoyt?
Some kind of big-ass bug.
What?
Fuck.
Fuck. Fuck.
Hoyt. come on. we need to stand up.
I can't get it off!
- Hoyt! We need to get up!
- Fuck!
Where's it gone? I can't see it.
Hoyt!
It fucking bit me!
Hoyt. stand up!
- Fuck!
Fuck! Hoyt!
Hoyt.
Hoyt!
Fuck!
No.
No. No. Fuck. Fuck. No.
Used to be food. you know.
Me?
Humanity.
Your lives were short
and filled with fear.
Then your brains grew.
You built tools and used them
to conquer nature.
You built impossible machines
and went to space.
You stopped being food.
Or. I should say.
you told yourself
you weren't food anymore.
But. in the animal kingdom.
there is always someone bigger or smaller.
who would eat you alive
if they had the chance.
That's what it is to be an animal.
You're born. you live. you die.
My brother is not gonna die.
Of course he will.
Everyone okay?
Yeah.
Boss?
We keep going.
Injury. illness. old age.
They all do.
Generation after generation.
All we can do is watch and take names.
No.
He's not gonna die.
I'm gonna save him.